feat: adding scopedenforcementactions (#3321)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/validating-admission-policy.md

The [Constraint Framework](https://github.com/open-policy-agent/frameworks/tree/master/constraint) is the library that underlies Gatekeeper. It provides the execution flow Gatekeeper uses to render a decision to the API server. It also provides abstractions that allow us to define constraint templates and constraints: Engine, Enforcement Points, and Targets.

Together with Gatekeeper and [gator CLI](gator.md), you can get admission, audit, and shift left validations for policies written in both CEL and Rego policy languages, even for clusters that do not support Validating Admission Policy feature yet. For simple policies, you may want admission requests to be handled by the K8s built-in Validating Admission Controller (only supports CEL) instead of the Gatekeeper admission webhook.

> To summarize, these are potential options when running Gatekeeper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, these are potential options when running Gatekeeper:
```

            ...
```

> Constraints will follow the behavior defined in `spec.scopedEnforcementActions`. When `spec.scopedEnforcementAction` is not defined, constraints will follow behavior defined by the flag `--default-create-vap-binding-for-constraints`. By default, `--default-create-vap-binding-for-constraints` is set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatekeeper determines the intended enforcement actions for a given enforcement point by evaluating what is provided in `spec.scopedEnforcementActions` and `spec.enforcementAction: scoped` in the constraint. If these values are not provided in the constraint, then Gatekeeper will follow behavior defined by the flag `--default-create-vap-binding-for-constraints`. By default, `--default-create-vap-binding-for-constraints` is set to `false`.
```
